README.md, before:

# khan_academy_math_study_notes (beta) 0.2.0
<p>This C++ repository has some code I wrote during my studies of the Khan Academy Class 10(OD) course.
Some of the material covered in this course will certainly help my C++ templates, and also help my [EeshvarDasIKCM profile score higher on Codingame](https://www.codingame.com/profile/70a154e089698866b393f458447036523367585).
This C++ CMake project uses C++17, and should not include any code from C++20 or newer for some time.</p>

## eeshvardasikcm (EeshvarDasIKCM)
<p>While restarting Khan Academy again today, it became obvious to me that I want to learn the Class 10(OD) mathematics course.
Before having time to look up exactly what a Class 10(OD) is, naturally I started with the course challenge.
This course is extremely interesting to me.</p>
<p>I scored a perfect 4.0 in first year Calculus in college, but then I stopped right there.
It will be nice to catch up on some geometry and trigonometry during this course.
Finishing my BS in Computer Science would be a major accomplishment for me and I am excited that Khan Academy offers this Class 10(OD) course in mathematics.</p>

Commit message:

added quit option to menu

README.md, after:

# khan_academy_math_study_notes (beta) 0.2.0
<p>This C++ repository has some code I wrote during my studies of the Khan Academy Class 10(OD) course.
Some of the material covered in this course will certainly help my C++ templates, and also help me score higher on my <a href="https://www.codingame.com/profile/70a154e089698866b393f458447036523367585">EeshvarDasIKCM Codingame profile</a>.
This C++ CMake project uses C++17, and should not include any code from C++20 or newer for some time.</p>

## eeshvardasikcm (EeshvarDasIKCM)
<p>While restarting Khan Academy again today, it became obvious to me that I want to learn the Class 10(OD) mathematics course.
Before having time to look up exactly what a Class 10(OD) is, naturally I started with the course challenge.
This course is extremely interesting to me.</p>
<p>I scored a perfect 4.0 in first year Calculus in college, but then I stopped right there.
It will be nice to catch up on some geometry and trigonometry during this course.
Finishing my BS in Computer Science would be a major accomplishment for me and I am excited that Khan Academy offers this Class 10(OD) course in mathematics.</p>

## command line menu <b>enhancement</b>
- add a quit option to allow menu to repeat again after one selection.
- maybe more...
